feat(hcl2cdk): support resource metadata (#2745)
hashicorp/terraform-cdk: CHANGELOG.md

To improve the translation capabilities of `cdktf convert` for languages other than Typescript we need to make the converted Typescript code compile. Currently the imports and CDKTF statements are printed below one another, with CDKTF 0.16 we will always wrap them in a custom construct or if you pass the `--stack` flag in a TerraformStack. As long as you don't have any automation set up around convert this change will not affect you. If you do, we suggest switching to the `@cdktf/hcl2cdk` npm package since it exports both the imports and the raw code seperately.

### Addition of meta resource properties like condtions

> We added support for advanced lifecycle features like [`preconditions`](/terraform/language/expressions/custom-conditions#preconditions-and-postconditions), so all generated function bindings made a breaking change.

Reviewer: Functions were not affected, were they? 😄
```suggestion
We added support for advanced lifecycle features like [`preconditions`](/terraform/language/expressions/custom-conditions#preconditions-and-postconditions), so all generated resource or data source bindings made a breaking change.
```
